LICENSE

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2011 Mikkel Fahnøe Jørgensen <mikkel@dvide.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

----------------------------------------------------------------------

CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT (CLA)

Unless explicitly stated otherwise in contributions, contributions are
assumed copy-left allowing the original LICENSE holder to do the
following at will without explicit permissions by contributing
authors: to modify and include or exclude contributions, change
license of the project with contributions, sub-license the project
with contributions.

Included sub-projects with own license terms are not covered by this
CLA.

This CLA does not extend to branched projects to the extend branching
is permitted by the project LICENSE. That is, if the project is
branched, any changes to that branch is not considered contributions,
but changes from any such branch submitted back to the upstream
project are considered contributions unless otherwise explicitly
stated.

Contributions should not be submitted if the terms of the CLA are
found disagreeable.
